# Neverwhere
Random location name generator for authors, game designers, and role players

See a running version at http://sercansengun.com/neverwhere/

Neverwhere. Copyright (c) 2016 Sercan Şengün sercansengun.com
Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
Background Images: British Library Flickr Account

What is Neverwhere?
Neverwhere randomly generates location names in West Germanic / Early Medieval English context. The names are best suitable for medieval fantasy settings and would be usable to authors, game designers, role players, dungeon masters or whoever that needs ideas. I plan to create different context name generators depending on my time, however anyone is free to download and modify the code to create their own generators.

Is it free?
Yes, you can use the names generated by the tool freely. You are also permitted to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose without fee, provided that the below copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

How can I create my own generator?
Go to https://github.com/sercansengun/neverwhere and download the project (you don't need an account). Open neverwhere.js file with a text editor (e.g. Notepad). All chance percentages are modifiable and it is possible to add/remove language content (pay attention to the syntax). Double click index.html to open it in a browser to see the results.

Some of the names don't make sense? / Randomization sometimes go awry?
Agreed. However the majority of the results are pretty useful.

How can I contact you?
Please use @sercan314159
